Aim

The aim of this project is to analyze the data in detail on vaccinated people and fully vaccinated people by country in 2021-2022

Introduction

Since the start of the COVID-19 outbreak, WHO has worked with countries and areas in Different regions on public health measures to slow or stop the spread of the virus.

Safe and effective vaccines are an important tool, in combination with other measures, to protect people against COVID-19, save lives and reduce widescale social disruption.

The main objective of this project to analyze Covid – 19 Vaccination data and find out some important insights.

 

Problem Statement.

In this project, we find out in Different Countries how many people are Vaccinated or fully Vaccinated in 2021 and 2022 and also find out how many people in different countries have completed Daily Vaccinations, Total Vaccination per hundred, People Vaccination per hundred, and Daily vaccinations per Million.

 

Methodology

In the Country, Vaccination data set the first column is that Country in country column presents different countries.
In the iso code column containing the iso code for the country. and In the data set contain a date for Vaccination.
Another column is total Vaccination, People Vaccination, People fully Vaccination, Daily Vaccinated raw, Daily Vaccinations, Total Vaccinations per hundred, people Vaccination per hundred, People fully Vaccinated per Hundred, and Daily Vaccination per million in all columns Show how many people are Vaccinated in different criteria.
 

The first step is cleaning the data. In data cleaning I cleaned the data with the transform data option present in Power BI because the dataset was not cleaned and included some missing values, so with the help of the duplicates function in Power BI, I cleaned the data and replace the null values with 0 and then started working on it.
 

After Data cleaning performs the Data interpretation step. In Data interpretation found some important information.
 

The data set was almost clean and completed.
Replace the Null values with 0
There is a total of 8513 rows and 15 columns is present.



Methodology:-
Step 1: Data cleaning
In data cleaning I cleaned the data with the transform data option present in Power BI because the dataset was not cleaned and included some missing values, so with the help of the duplicates function in Power BI, I cleaned the data and replace the null values with 0 and then started working on it.



Step 2: Data interpretation
In this data interpretation step, I found out some important information about the data set.
• The data set was almost clear and completed.
• I replaced the null values with 0.
• There is total of 86512 rows and 15 columns.

Step 3: Visualization
In visualization, I took the help of Power BI Desktop software to make graphs and charts here some relevant graphs and charts are attached.

Visualization

In visualization, I took the help of Power BI Desktop software to make graphs and charts here some relevant graphs and charts are attached.

Analysis

From the above Visualization find some interesting points that are mentioned below

China is the number 1 Total Vaccinated people are present
The Dataset is available for 2021 and 2022.
The Total of 223 Countries participated in Vaccination.
IN 2021 Total Vaccination is 60.79% completed.
In 2022 Total Vaccination is 39.2% is completed.
China, India, the United States, Brazil, Indonesia, Germany, United States, Turkey, France, and England There are the top 10 countries is completed the full Vaccinations.


Insights

In conclusion, we can take a look at the final Dashboard for further Analysis.
We can see the top 10 Sources
 

Recommendations

We can analyze the data of the overall world.
Like this dataset, we can perform operations with various categories, city-wise, or Region wise.
We can analyze the data with the proper format
We can collect good datasets for more effective analysis by using charts.
 

Conclusion

In Conclusion, we can take look at the Dashboard for further Analysis.

In China and India in these two countries, most people are Vaccinated.
In 2021 60.79% of people are fully Vaccinated and in 2020 only 39.2 % of people are fully Vaccinated.
China, India, the United States, Brazil, Indonesia, Germany, the United States, Turkey, France, and England There are the top 10 countries is completed the full Vaccinations.



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------








